=README=

This is a readme for Steganogra-py a free steganography tool written in
python and created by Zachary Varberg, 2010.

==EXECUTION==

	===RUN===
	Simply run Steganogra-py.exe to start the program.

	There are two tabs, encode and decode.  These are used for their obvious 
	purposes.  

	===ENCODING===

	On the encode page you will find options for which file you would
	like to encode (currently only .txt files are supported), what image you would
	like to encode it in (currently only .png files are supported), and where you
	would like to save the newly encoded image (also .png only).  You are given the
	option to choose how many of each colors bits you would like to use for encoded 
	data with the remainder of the 8 to be used for the original images color data.
	These start with the least significant bit and move towards more significant bits.
	Once everything is set press the encode button, and it will do the rest.

	===DECODING===

	The decoding precess is very similar to encoding.  You choose image file with the 
	encoded data, and the file where you would like to save the output.  You choose the
	number of bits of each color that were encoded (NOTE: it is important that you choose
	the same number for each color that was chosen when encoding, otherwise the output 
	will be garbage), and press decode.

==NEW TO 1.1==
	* Threading*:  Steganogra-py is now a multi-threaded app with logic running on a 
	seperate thread than the GUI, this allows the UI to remain responsive.

	* Progress Dialog*:  Previously, once the encode button was pressed there was no 
	indication to the user that anything was happening.  With 1.1 there is now a 
	progress dialog.  The progress dialog does NOT actually display 0-100 percent 
	completion of the task.  It DOES however provide some feedback showing that the 
	application is working.

	* Optimizations*:  There were a variety of optimizations that went into this version
	of Steganogra-py.  Without boring you with the low-level details the encoding 
	portion was sped up by nearly 20% in tests.  This may or may not be the norm, but
	the application was certainly sped up.

	* Documentation*:  With v1.1 I have considerably expanded the documentation for the
	project.  Hopefully this will include updating of the wiki page found at 	http://code.google.com/p/steganogra-py/wiki/Home  

And thats it!  This is hopefully a very simple to use steganography app.  While a number
of improvements were made for v1.1 they were mostly cosmetic and performance issues.  The
feature set was not significantly expanded.  BUT, development continues and future features
include, suggested encoding styles, random encoding, steganography detection (this one is 
rather difficult so it may or may not happen), as well as support for other file-types. If
you have any requests for future features, please don't hesitate to let me know at 
Zach.Varberg (at) Gmail (dot) com!

The source code is available at http://code.google.com/p/steganogra-py/downloads/list